NEXT-7962 - Add label to shipping method detail fixes #73 (#146)
shopwareBoostDay/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2020-09-17-add-label-to-availabitlity-rule-in-shipping-method-detail.md

> ---
> title: Add label to availabitlity rule in shipping method detail
> issue: 7962
> author: Muehlhans Florian
> author_email: muehlhans.f@idowapro.de 
> author_github: muehlhansf
> ---
> # Core
> *  
> ___
> # API
> *  
> ___
> # Administration
> *  
> ___
> # Storefront
> *  Added new label availability Rule to `sw-settings-shipment-detail/index.js`
> ___
> # Upgrade Information
> ## Topic 1
> ### Topic 1a
> ### Topic 1b
> ## Topic 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: Add label to availabitlity rule in shipping method detail
issue: NEXT-7962
author: Muehlhans Florian
author_email: muehlhans.f@idowapro.de 
author_github: @muehlhansf
---
# Administration
* Added new label availability rule to `sw-settings-shipment-detail`
```

---
title: Add label to availabitlity rule in shipping method detail
issue: NEXT-7962
author: Muehlhans Florian
author_email: muehlhans.f@idowapro.de 
author_github: @muehlhansf
---
# Administration

> * Added new label availability rule to `sw-settings-shipment-detail`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added new label to availability rule selection in `sw-settings-shipment-detail`
```
